The Northern Lights you know
hahahaha
Ahw, okay
Like, are talk, are you talking.., are you, are you talking about like...
***from Northern light, are you talking about Panda Express?
Like, mmm mm
ohh
Well, okay, favorite in terms of enjoyability, honestly.
Honestly, the the chicken tenders and fries are the bomb.
They're really good, but in terms of like
Really?
ahw I like that much. I like I do really like the Danette fries though.
I think I did like the fries more than the luval fries but the luval fries are also really good
Yeah
Yeah. But it's not what I eat the most and it's not
Like, because it's like there's no vegetables so like I don't feel like it tastes good
but I don't have satisfaction, you know, yeah
Yeah, I eat that all the time.
yeah, this is *** yeah, the burrito bowl is good
I get that. Often too
I would say the burrito bowl is like...ss
two or three. It's it's competing with the Northern Lights Poké.
The pokey? he likes the pokey, he uses three swipes on the pokey
I don't know
Oh definitely, definitely but
Flavour
Something like that. It's und it's under two swipes for the small
and the large is more than two slices. No large is left there
I think it's it's 17.19 or 15.19 for all
No, no, like
Large is 19, small is either 15 or 17. I forgot which one.
But it's under 9. I mean, under 2 times that
Yeah.
Yeah, so it's a it's a, two times, yeah
I get this, I get this, yeah, well I get it cuz I have the swipes
So I I don't get it often. I'm I'm like, do I feel like spending too much right now?
And then sometimes I'll get it. Yeah, I have so many, so I'm like... Yeah.
They are, I also, okay, my regular places that I go to eat...
I go to Luval and get the burrito bowl or the chicken quesadilla
ch I get the chicken tenders and fries from Luvall.
ch um I don't know. I don't get the pokey often.
but maybe like a couple times or less than a handful in one quarter.
I get some wine, I get
Yes, I get the Yoshinoya Teriyaki Chicken. It's alright.
Huhu Yeah, I just alright. Yeah.
I.
Oh, I do like the fried chicken, but sometimes I'm just like I don't want like the fried.
Yeah, it depends on the day, it depends on the day it's like if i want something fried
I'd rather just get the chicken tenders, you know, than get like a rice bowl, you know.
and then um occasionally
I get blaze I get it I get blaze like it's about the same amount I get okay
Yeah and like sometimes I get panda sometimes I get
Um, I like a veggie grill. Yes.
and then sometimes okay i actually haven't been to epic ackerman this quarter but i went a lot last quarter
Yeah. The the rose pasta?. Yeah.
Or sometimes a salad, depends on the day.  No.
I'll get like a Caesar salad with like the salmon
I've had it once. It's huge though.
That's why I I can't get it because I only have like an hour.
Yeah. I don't want to take it. Well like my classes this quarter, i can't take food in cuz like
because I'm lab and then the...
theater auditorium they don't allow. If I had like a class
Cuz I cuz I eat before those classes. So if I had a class that I could, then I would take it and just like...
they leave for later but
Yeah. That was not good, uhhhh
yeah, by those are my most frequented food
Places i wouldn't go to Rubio is like maybe every other week, but now they're closed
hmm
I know yeah
Yeah, yeah
mhm
No.
When? I don't think so.
like
Expensive for the university to hire or expensive for students to buy?
Yeah, they have one in Westwood. They have like..
***like there's, there's alternatives that they've been eating like that's how we feel
Have a daughter?
But you're struggling like
Next year, mhmm
yeah, well
Well, I wouldn't eat there, like, every day. I told you. yeah
Yeah, I, I will. I was talking about Chipotle. Yeah.